#Big-Hearted Hangout

### By Thomas Geisinger,  Glyde Burdick, Logan Lieberg, Quinn Nelson
### 6-21-2016 | Version 1.0

## Application Overview
Doing Good Together provides its users with exclusive content through the Big-Hearted Families Program, which is a toolbox of project ideas, resources, and activities for weaving kindness into a family's daily life. This application will allow users to keep track of their family's progress of completed tasks which are provided by the Doing Good Program. Families can earn medals and rewards through participation. In addition, the application will contain a news feed page where families can post their progress, photos and experiences. Users can also opt in or out of a text messaging service that sends weekly texts, which might include topics such as dinner conversation topics, encouragements, etc. Users will also be able to access their account on their mobile devices. Currently, users are provided with exclusive downloadable content such as projects and other activity ideas via email. Our site will have this downloadable content hosted on the main page for a user to download at any given time. 

Admin functionally will be added so that featured content and downloadable content can be changed. In addition, the admin will be able to remove inappropriate comments or photos from the news feed page. The admin will have the ability to deactivate or reactivate users; this will ensure that the site can maintain a family-friendly environment.  The Client will be responsible to give the user a random registration code that will be generated by the admin, because there is no way for The Company to determine when or if a user has paid for a subscription - only The Client has access to this information.

## Application features
### Community Room (newsfeed page)

This page will display projects families have posted, as long as they aren't marked private by the posting family. Users will have the ability to “like” the posts, similar to Facebook. There will be a flagging system in the event of inappropriate posts that populates a table for an admin to review. Anonymous posting will also be an option.

### Registration

A membership to the program is purchased from an online store, which notifies the BHF admin when a membership is sold.  Upon receiving notification of a sale, the BHF admin will log into the application, go to the admin page, and click the button to produce a one-time registration code.  He/She will copy that code and email it to the new user, who will use it to register their account.  There will be a field and a button on the login page to begin the registration process.  The user will enter and submit the registration code, which will be verified by our application.  Passing verification will take the user to the registration page, failing will result in an error message. After they successfully register they will be returned to the login page.

### Family Profile

Each family will have a profile page that starts off blank when they log in. Here, they will be able to set a profile picture, describe their family, review their previous posts, make a post, and set their page to private so others aren’t able to view it. The comment section is a stretch goal. Under this section of the application there will be an additional collapsable menu on the left-hand side. In that menu, a user will have links to other pages within the application that are only accessible from the Our Profile section. It will include a DGD button, and Medals button, and an Our Posts button. "DGD" stands for Do Good Dozen, which will take you to the Do Good Dozen Tracker page. The Medals button will take you to the Medals page. To navigate to the family profile/posts page, you will click on Our Posts.

The Do Good Dozen Tracker shows them their progress for this year's Do Good Dozen. This is shown in a “board game” like format. It is not an actively played board game, it is a stylized tracker that will show their progress in an engaging way.

The Medals page will show them which achievments they have attained. Medals will be either bronze, silver or gold depending on which one and how difficult it was to earn. There will be 12 medals, one for each of the Do Good Dozen. The first set of four will be bronze, the second set of four will be silver, and the third set of four will be gold. Adding additional medals (such as for liking other's posts, commenting, consistent participation, etc.) will be a stretch goal.

### Exclusive downloadable content

The exclusive downloadable content will be posted on the landing page of the site. Administrators will have the ability to edit the featured downloads and organizations. Edit and Upload buttons will only be seen by admins; users are not able to change content on this page.

### Tips by text

Tips by text will be done through the use of Twilio, a technology that is capable of sending text messages to users. These text messages will have a wide variety of content, from dinner conversation topics and reflection questions about completed Do Good Dozen projects, to engagement texts like congratulations for completing a project or a encouragements to less-active users. These texts will be changeable from within admin functionality and will take into consideration the user's time zone.

### Mobile responsive

This application will be mobile responsive for the following devices: Samsung Galaxy 6 & 7, iPhone 5 & 6, and the latest version of the iPad. It may function for other mobile devices, but will only be designed to directly fit the previously mentioned devices.

### Admin functionality

Admins will be provided with the ability to change the content on the aforementioned home-page, removing/unflagging flagged posts, as well as activate and deactivate users, both for users who continually post flagged content, and  users who decide not to renew.

## Color Scheme

   The following hex colors were provided by DGT.  They were put into the materialize.css under the listed classes:

+ 039f92 teal = . teal/.teal-text

+ f48a24 orange = .orange/ .orange-text

+ f25826 dark orange = .orange/darken-1/.orange-text.text-darken-1

+ 73bf43 light green = .green.lighten-1/ .green-text.text-lighten-1

+ 00af59 dark green = .green.darken-1/ .green-text.text-darken-1

+ 0ca3dc blue =.blue/.blue-text

+ eedb58 yellow = .yellow/.yellow-text

+ 8752a2 purple = .purple/.purple-text
